.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH PIKLAB SECTION "April 11, 2007"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH PIKLAB-PROG \- Commandline program for PIC-microcontroller programming.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B piklab-prog [Qt-options] [KDE-options] [options] [file]
.RI

.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B piklab-prog command.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics,
.\" respectively.
\fBPiklab-prog\fP is a command line tool, which can be used to program microcontrollers with program and data, stored in a HEX-file to a connected programmer. It supports the most common serial, parallel and usb programmers, like  ICD2, Pickit2, PicStart+) and debuggers (ICD2).

.SH OPTIONS
This program follows the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
	Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
	Show version of program.
.TP
.B \-\-help-qt
	Show Qt specific options
.TP
.B \-\-help-kde
	Show KDE specific options
.TP
.B \-\-help-all
	Show all options
.TP
.B \-\-author
	Show author information
.TP
.B \-\-license
	Show license information
.TP
.B \-\-
	End of options
.br
.B Options:
.B \-c, \-\-command <name>
	Perform the requested command.
.TP
.B \-\-command-list
	Return the list of recognized commands.
.TP
.B \-\-debug
	Display debug messages.
.TP
.B \-\-extra-debug
	Display extra debug messages.
.TP
.B \-\-max-debug
	Display all debug messages.
.TP
.B \-\-quiet
	Do not display messages.
.TP
.B \-f, \-\-force
	Overwrite files and answer "yes" to questions.
.TP
.B \-i, \-\-cli
	Interactive mode
.TP
.B \-r, \-\-range <name>
	Memory range to operate on.
.TP
.B \-\-range-list
	Return the list of memory ranges.
.TP
.B \-p, \-\-programmer <name>
	Programmer to use.
.TP
.B \-\-programmer-list
	Return the list of supported programmers.
.TP
.B \-d, \-\-device <name>
	Target device.
.TP
.B \-\-device-list
	Return the list of supported devices.
.TP
.B \-f, \-\-format <name>
	HEX output file format.
.TP
.B \-\-format-list
	Return the list of supported HEX file formats.
.TP
.B \-t, \-\-port <name>
	Programmer port ("usb" or device such as "/dev/ttyS0")
.TP
.B \-\-port-list
	Return the list of detected ports.
.TP
.B \-\-firmware-dir <dir>
	Firmware directory.
.TP
.B \-\-target-self-powered
	Indicates that device is self-powered.
.br
.SH Arguments:
.B file  <HEX-filename for programming>.
.br
.sp 2
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR piklab-prog (1),
.BR piklab-hex (1),
.BR gputils (1),
.BR sdcc (1).
.br
.SH AUTHORS
piklab was written by Nicolas Hadacek and many others, including:

    * Alain Gibaud: author of Pikdev; main infrastructure; IDE interface; direct programmers; gputils integration.

    * Keith Baker: direct programmer support for 16F7X devices.
    * Xiaofan Chen: numerous tests of PICkit1/2 and ICD2 programmers.
    * Craig Franklin: author of gputils (disassembler and coff parser).
    * Manwlis Giannos: direct programmer support for PIC18FXX2/FXX8 devices.
    * Stephen Landamore: author of LPLAB (microchip command-line programmer).
    * Brian C. Lane: original code for direct programming.
    * Sébastion Laoût: author of Likeback.
    * Nestor A. Marchesini: tests of PicStart+ programmer.
    * Lorenz Mösenlechner and Matthias Kranz: USB support for ICD2 programmer.
    * Mirko Panciri: direct programmers with bidirectionnal buffers.
    * Sean A. Walberg: direct programmer support for 16F676/630 devices.

.B Translations:
    * Michele Petrecca: Italian translation.
    * Alain Portal: French translation.
    * Stefan von Halenbach: German translation.
    * Nagy Lázló: Hungarian translation.
.sp 2
.SH COPYRIGHT
	This  is  free  software.   You  may  redistribute  copies  of  it  under  the  terms   of   the   GNU   General   Public   License
       	<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.  There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.

.PP
This manual page was written by Stefan <vonHalenbach@users.sf.net>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
