.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH PIKLAB SECTION "April 11, 2007"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH PIKLAB-HEX \- Tool to check INHEX-files.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B piklab-hex [options] [command] [file].hex
.RI

.SH DESCRIPTION

This manual page documents briefly the
.B piklab-hex command.

.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics,
.\" respectively.
\fBPiklab-hex\fP is a command line tool to check files, if they are valid Hex-files which comply with the INHEX-Standard defined by Intel corporation.

.SH OPTIONS
This program follows the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
	Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
	Show version of program.
.TP
.B \-\-author
	Show author information
.TP
.B \-\-license
	Show license information
.TP
.B \-c [command]
	Option to issue a command.
.TP
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B check		Check file, if it is a valid intel-hex-file.
.TP
.B info			Return information about hex file.
.TP
.B fix			Clean hex file and fix errors (wrong CRC, truncated line, truncated file).
.TP
.B compare		Compare two hex files.
.TP
.br
.sp 3
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR piklab (1),
.BR piklab-prog (1),
.br
.SH AUTHORS
piklab was written by Nicolas Hadacek and many others, including:
    * Alain Gibaud: author of Pikdev; main infrastructure; IDE interface; direct programmers; gputils integration.
    * Keith Baker: direct programmer support for 16F7X devices.
    * Xiaofan Chen: numerous tests of PICkit1/2 and ICD2 programmers.
    * Craig Franklin: author of gputils (disassembler and coff parser).
    * Manwlis Giannos: direct programmer support for PIC18FXX2/FXX8 devices.
    * Stephen Landamore: author of LPLAB (microchip command-line programmer).
    * Brian C. Lane: original code for direct programming.
    * Sébastion Laoût: author of Likeback.
    * Nestor A. Marchesini: tests of PicStart+ programmer.
    * Lorenz Mösenlechner and Matthias Kranz: USB support for ICD2 programmer.
    * Mirko Panciri: direct programmers with bidirectionnal buffers.
    * Sean A. Walberg: direct programmer support for 16F676/630 devices.

.B Translations:
    * Michele Petrecca: Italian translation.
    * Alain Portal: French translation.
    * Stefan von Halenbach: German translation.
    * Nagy Lázló: Hungarian translation.
.sp 3
.SH COPYRIGHT
	This  is  free  software.   You  may  redistribute  copies  of  it  under  the  terms   of   the   GNU   General   Public   License
       	<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.  There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.

.PP
This manual page was written by Stefan <vonHalenbach@users.sf.net>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
