.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH PIKLAB SECTION "April 11, 2007"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH PIKLAB 
\- IDE for PIC-microcontroller development.
.TP
.SH SYNOPSIS

.B piklab [Qt-options] [KDE-options] [file]

.br
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics,
.\" respectively.
\fBPiklab\fP is an integrated development environment for applications based on Microchip PIC and dsPIC microcontrollers
similar to the MPLAB environment. It integrates with several compiler and assembler toolchains (like gputils, sdcc, c18) and with the
simulator gpsim. It supports the most common programmers (serial, parallel, ICD2, Pickit2, PicStart+) and debuggers (ICD2).

.TP
.SH OPTIONS
These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Show version of program.
.TP
.B \-\-help-qt
	Show Qt specific options
.TP
.B \-\-help-kde
	Show KDE specific options
.TP
.B \-\-help-all
	Show all options
.TP
.B \-\-author
	Show author information
.TP
.B \-\-license
	Show license information
.TP
.B \-\-
	End of options
.TP
.br
.sp 3
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR piklab-prog (1),
.BR piklab-hex (1),
.BR gputils (1),
.BR sdcc (1).
.br
.SH AUTHORS
piklab was written by Nicolas Hadacek and many others, including:

    * Alain Gibaud: author of Pikdev; main infrastructure; IDE interface; direct programmers; gputils integration.
    * Keith Baker: direct programmer support for 16F7X devices.
    * Xiaofan Chen: numerous tests of PICkit1/2 and ICD2 programmers.
    * Craig Franklin: author of gputils (disassembler and coff parser).
    * Manwlis Giannos: direct programmer support for PIC18FXX2/FXX8 devices.
    * Stephen Landamore: author of LPLAB (microchip command-line programmer).
    * Brian C. Lane: original code for direct programming.
    * Sébastion Laoût: author of Likeback.
    * Nestor A. Marchesini: tests of PicStart+ programmer.
    * Lorenz Mösenlechner and Matthias Kranz: USB support for ICD2 programmer.
    * Mirko Panciri: direct programmers with bidirectionnal buffers.
    * Sean A. Walberg: direct programmer support for 16F676/630 devices.

.B Translations:
    * Michele Petrecca: Italian translation.
    * Alain Portal: French translation.
    * Stefan von Halenbach: German translation.
    * Nagy Lázló: Hungarian translation.
.sp 3
.SH COPYRIGHT
	This  is  free  software.   You  may  redistribute  copies  of  it  under  the  terms   of   the   GNU   General   Public   License
       	<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.  There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.

.PP
This manual page was written by Stefan <vonHalenbach@users.sf.net>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
